Add draft server-side filter snippet to advanced docs (#6918)
cloud-custodian/cloud-custodian: docs/source/quickstart/advanced.rst

Server-Side Filters
-------------------

By default Cloud Custodian fetches all the resources on a cloud and filters on
the client side. 
In certain cases Cloud Custodian can suppport server-side filtering on certain classes of
resources. 

This might be useful if you're trying to minimize the amount of API call volume
or response time. 
These needs are usually specific to certain use cases and cloud resources.

Caution:: Usage of this feature should consider trade offs as some features
such as caching might not be as effective. 

Support for Server-side filters is defined per-resource and handled in the
query block of a policy.  

In this example will use a server side policy to garbage collect EBS snapshots, the `query schema is defined
here <https://github.com/cloud-custodian/cloud-custodian/blob/bb5dc8d5f1b2c9500e26d02630b64742dffcb432/c7n/resources/ebs.py#L134-L146>`_

Check the documentation for `the list of
filters <https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/ec2.html#EC2.Client.describe_snapshots>`_
, do note, they are put in the query stanza, not the filter stanza. 

For example, this policy:

.. code-block:: yaml

  policies:

>     - name: garbage-collect--snapshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - name: garbage-collect-snapshots
```

      resource: aws.ebs-snapshot
      filters:
          - type: age
            days: 7
            op: ge

>           - "tag:custodian_snapshot": present

Reviewer: Which tag do we wanna use here?

      actions:
          - delete
      
If you have a large amount of snapshots, it would be inefficent to send this
query to the client to process, so we can take advantage of some server-side
filtering to minimize traffic. 

.. code-block:: yaml

  policies:
    - name: garbage-collect-snapshots
      resource: aws.ebs-snapshot
      query:
        - Name: "tag:environment"
          Values: ["dev"]

With these changes, server-side filters make sure you only query snapshots in
the "dev" environment without needing to send the information to the client.

Now let's combine server-side and client-side filtering to create a more

> efficient method of cleaning up EBS snapshots

Reviewer: This might be out of scope, but at some point, it may be helpful to determine what we want the overall tone of these docs to be. The reason why I say this is because such a decision can then guide how we choose to address the reader. In this documentation, we address the reader as "you," which can convey a more casual tone.

Either way, establishing consistent language will be helpful. (eg, whenever we share an example, we use ''you")

.. code-block:: yaml

  policies:
    - name: garbage-collect-snapshots-advanced
      resource: aws.ebs-snapshot
      query:
        - Name: "tag-key"

>           Values: ["custodian_snapshot"]

Reviewer: In this example code, we are using the tag `custodian_snapshot` and in the other examples, we use `dev`. Is there any reason for the different tags? It seems like they illustrate the same point.

      filters:
        - type: age
          days: 7
          op: greater-than    
      actions:
        - delete

In this example, we are using the query block to use a server-side filter to
check the tag-key for any snapshot tagged custodian_snapshot. 
Custodian will then take those results, and apply it to the filters block, which

> is executed next, this time on the client. 

Reviewer: Another general documentation decision to make: Do we want to always format syntax like `query` and `filter`?

For most use cases, using the client side filter is the recommendation. 
As a real example, if you have 100,000 snapshots, the server side filter can be used
to do the heavy lifting, and the client-side can then throw out all the matches

> newer than 7 days. 

Reviewer: We probably don't need to restate the use case again since it's the same as the example case presented.

> For most use cases, using the client side filter is the recommendation. 
> As a real example, if you have 100,000 snapshots, the server side filter can be used
> to do the heavy lifting, and the client-side can then throw out all the matches
> newer than 7 days. 
> This is one of those use cases where using the server-side filter resulted in
> improved performance and latency, however, it is strongly recommended that you
> evaluate the usage of server-side filters on a case-by-case basis and not a general best practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caution:: As stated above, use cases for the `query` block are uncommon and are very specific. In most use cases, Cloud Custodian's `filter` block is sufficient and recommended. Again, users are strongly cautioned to carefully evaluate the use of server-side filters on a case-by-case basis and not a general best practice. 
```
